[Music]
now Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers
to david and cedar trees with Mason's
and carpenters to build him a house
so David knew that the Lord had
established him as king over Israel for
his kingdom was highly exalted for the
sake of his people Israel then David
took more wives in Jerusalem and David
begat more sons and daughters and these
are the names of his children whom he
had in Jerusalem
Shambu a show Beth Nathan
Solomon Yaba le schewe L pellet Noga
knee fake
Sofia Elisha ma vie Lida and Allah
Philip now when the Philistines heard
that David had been anointed king over
all Israel all the Philistines went up
to search for David and David heard of
it and went out against them then the
Philistines went and made a raid on the
valley of Rephaim and David inquired of
God shall I go up against the
Philistines will you deliver them into
my hand go up for I will deliver them
into your hand
so they went up to bale paracin and
david defeated them there then David
said God has broken through my enemies
by my hand like a breakthrough of water
therefore they called the name of that
place Bale Harrison and when they left
their gods there David gave a
commandment and they were burned with
fire then the Philistines once again
made a raid on the valley
therefore David inquired a gain of God
and God said to him you shall not go up
after them Circle around em and come
upon them in front of the mulberry trees
and it shall be when you hear a sound of
marching in the tops of the mulberry
trees then you shall go out to battle
for God has gone out before you to
strike the camp of the Philistines
so David did as God commanded him and
they drove back the army of the
Philistines from Gibeon as far as giza
then the fame of David went out into all
lands and the law brought the fear of
him upon all nations